You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this part-session .
Please rise , then , for this minute 's silence .
The House rose and observed a minute 's silence 
Madam President , on a point of order .
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka .
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .
Yes , Mr Evans , I feel an initiative of the type you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate .
If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .
Madam President , on a point of order .
I would like your advice about Rule 143 concerning inadmissibility .
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again .
It says that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability .
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .
At the request of a French Member , Mr Zimeray , a petition has already been presented , which many people signed , including myself .
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .
Thank you , Mr Segni , I shall do so gladly .
Indeed , it is quite in keeping with the positions this House has always adopted .
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .
It is the case of Alexander Nikitin .
Now , however , he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing .
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .
But , Madam President , my personal request has not been met .
I would therefore once more ask you to ensure that we get a Dutch channel as well .
Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel , I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors ' meeting on Wednesday .
It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected ?
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?
Why has there been no fire drill , either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings ?
Why are there no fire instructions ?
Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident ?
Why are no-smoking areas not enforced ?
It seems absolutely disgraceful that we pass legislation and do not adhere to it ourselves .
Mrs Lynne , you are quite right and I shall check whether this has actually not been done .
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice-President , Mrs de Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part-session .
I would ask that they reconsider , since this is not the case .
Mr Berenguer Fuster , we shall check all this .
I admit that , at present , the matter seems to be somewhat confused .
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .
Today 's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there .
So Parliament should send a message , since that is the wish of the vast majority .
It is irresponsible of EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo .
As people have said , the situation there is extremely volatile .
There is , in fact , a risk of a military coup in the future .
We do not know what is happening .
So why should EU arms producers profit at the expense of innocent people ?
In any event , this question is not presently included among the requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday .
No amendments have been proposed relating to Monday and Tuesday .
I would like Mr Barón Crespo , who made the request , to speak to propose it .
That is , if he so wishes , of course . Then we shall follow the usual procedure , hearing one speaker in favour and one against .
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .
To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .
According to its President , it is in a position to do so .
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .
Applause from the PSE Group 
Mr Barón Crespo , you were unable to attend the Conference of Presidents last Thursday .
I am not criticising this ; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them .
Mr Hänsch represented you on this occasion .
In the Conference of Presidents , we had an in-depth discussion .
Your Group was alone in advocating what you are saying now .
We then put it to a vote .
As you know , each chairman has the same number of votes as his Group has Members .
There was a vote on this matter .
As I recall , the outcome of this vote was 422 votes to 180 with a few abstentions .
All of the others were of a different opinion .
I should now like to comment on the issue itself .
There is no such document !
I should like us to be able to do a reasonable amount of preparation for the debate on the five-year programme in our Groups .
We therefore respect whatever Parliament may decide .
Madam President , I would like to say that the agreement reached in September distinguished this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission 's legislative programme .
I propose that we vote on the request of the Group of the Party of European Socialists that the Commission statement on its strategic objectives should be reinstated .
Parliament rejected the request President .
Still on the subject of Wednesday 's sitting , I have another proposal regarding the oral question on capital tax .
The PPE-DE Group is requesting that this item be taken off the agenda .
Is there a member who wishes to speak on behalf of this Group to propose this ?
Madam President , I can hear a ripple of laughter from the Socialists .
Decisions have also been adopted against a tax of this kind .
That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda .
Thank you , Mr Poettering .
We shall now hear Mr Wurtz speaking against this request .
It is not a lot to ask .
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE-DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .
Parliament rejected the request , with 164 votes for , 166 votes against and 7 abstentions 
Madam President , I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate .
Madam President , has my vote been counted ? I was unable to vote electronically , since I do not have a card .
My vote was " in favour " .
Indeed , if we add the two Members who have declared themselves , then the result of the vote would be ...
Madam President , the Presidency has already declared the result of the vote .
There is no room for amendments .
Ladies and gentlemen , once again , we see it is essential for Members to bring their voting cards along on a Monday .
Clearly there is a problem here .
That being the case , I shall have to make a decision .
I too forgot my card , and I would have voted against .
I therefore consider that the oral question may be kept on the agenda as per the vote .
This is an important matter .
It would be useful for the record of the House to state how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis .
You did not call me either .
I regret this , but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .
I am terribly sorry , Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox . I did not see you asking to speak .
Even so , I think the positions are quite clear and they shall be entered in the Minutes .
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .
This seems to me to be a workable solution .
Of course , the Minutes for tomorrow 's sitting will take into account any additional explanations .
I think this is a better solution than proceeding now to extremely time-consuming explanations of votes .
Mr Cox , Mr Hänsch , would this be acceptable to you ?
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but with reservations .
We shall pay particular attention to the wording of the Minutes , as we always do , of course .
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted , then we may correct them , if necessary .
All of this is in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity and is therefore to be greatly welcomed .
Our amendments from the first reading have , I believe , been taken into account very satisfactorily .
I would urge you to endorse this .
The renovation project , which lasted for months , cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe .
The traffic which had to be diverted because of this stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit .
In fact , all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province .
All the same , we must not content ourselves with enacting European law to ensure greater safety .
Please let this not be yet another sector where we subsequently have to lament the lack of enforcement .
Madam President , first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has , at its heart , the issue of transport safety .
I congratulate him on his excellent report .
When it comes to safety my Group will always support any initiatives to improve transport safety .
We still have a lot of work to do in this area as recent events have proved .
Madam President , I would like to make a few comments .
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements but also , in fact , with minimum requirements .
This is a pity , in a sense .
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .
Or ships from Eastern Europe which moor adjacent to ships over here , with all the obvious risks that this entails .
In short , the issue is an important one .